## Twitter Thoughts

This is a Python project to scrape Twitter for "thoughts" and store them in a JSON file (for now). I use Twint because it allows
me to scrape Twitter data without the limitations of the Twitter API (they found a nifty workaround using the front-end API).

Twitter is a self-replenishing resource; there is new data being generated by millions every minute. I thought it would be very 
cool if this data was available in outside of Twitter. I am particularly focused on the "{day}thoughts" hash-tag 
and building a real time stream of that data (for use in other projects). While this is only a text mining project for now, 
the possibilities are endless.
 
If you have ideas, let's work together! Follow me on Twitter @TalkingTechWitD

### Usage:
`python3 scrape_twitter.py`

Result will be a `tweets.json` file

### To Do:

1. Adjust search parameters to ensure relevant and "tasteful" results
2. Determine if hashtags are relevant and whether or not they should be redacted from results (to make text more 'readable')
3. Store results into a NoSQL database, instead of JSON file
4. Deploy to AWS Lambda using Serverless Framework
5. Configure CloudWatch Event to routinely run scraper
6. Do something cool with this data.

## Bugs:

1. `Since` and `Until` parameters in Twint module are not working. If I am unable to resolve, the work around will be to 
write date filtering logic in our code. Currently, I am retrieving the most recent Tweets, then limiting the result set to 60.